c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\ManausBus.xr.xml
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\ManausBus.exe
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\ManausBus.pdb
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\ManausBus.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\ManausBus.exe
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\ManausBus.pdb
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\gabrielpereira\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\App.xbf
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\ManausBus.xr.xml
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\ManausBus.exe
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\ManausBus.pdb
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\resources.pri
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\bin\Debug\ManausBus.build.appxrecipe
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\App.xaml
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\App.xbf
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\ManausBus.exe
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\ManausBus.pdb
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
E:\Desenvolvimento\TransporteBare\ManausBus\ManausBus\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
